[docs] update CNI docs to indicate how the CNI plugin is installed (#14546)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/installation/install.mdx

### Enable the Consul CNI plugin

By default, Consul injects a `connect-inject-init` init container as part of the Kubernetes pod startup process when Consul is in [transparent proxy mode](/docs/connect/transparent-proxy).
The container configures traffic redirection in the service mesh through the sidecar proxy.
To configure redirection, the container requires elevated `CAP_NET_ADMIN` privileges, which may not be compatible with security policies in your organization.

Instead, you can enable the Consul container network interface (CNI) plugin to perform traffic redirection.
Because the plugin is executed by the local Kubernetes kubelet, the plugin already has the elevated privileges necessary to configure the network.

The Consul Helm Chart is responsible for installing the Consul CNI plugin.

> To install and configure the plugin, add the following configuration to your `config.yaml` file:

Reviewer: nit: given the sentence added above, does it read better to say:

```suggestion
To configure the plugin to be installed, add the following configuration to your `config.yaml` file:
```

> The Consul Helm Chart is responsible for installation of the Consul CNI plugin.
> To install and configure the plugin add the following configuration to your `config.yaml` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Consul Helm Chart is responsible for installing the Consul CNI plugin.
To install and configure the plugin, add the following configuration to your `config.yaml` file:
```
